Revamp of GPflow notebooks (#924)
GPflow/GPflow: doc/source/kernel_options.rst

Kernels included in GPflow
==================

> Kernels form a core component of GPflow models and allow prior information to be encoded about a latent function of interest. A notebook showing the effect of choosing different kernels, and showing how it is possible to combine multiple kernels can be found `here <notebooks/kernels.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kernels form a core component of GPflow models and allow prior information to be encoded about a latent function of interest. A notebook showing the effect of choosing different kernels, and showing how it is possible to combine multiple kernels can be found in the `tutorials <https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/GPflow/GPflow/blob/develop/doc/source/notebooks/advanced/kernels.ipynb>`_.
```
